# Mental-Health-Log
I approached this project by ensuring my functionality worked first, and then prioritized styling second. I started out by setting up, organizing, and linking my files. Adittionally, I installed all of my programs; Express, Mongoose, Node.js, and EJS. I created a schema and an array full of datat that I seeded. I went through each RESTful route one by one, ensuring that the basic information that needed to be input and displayed would do so. After all of this was done, I then began styling using the CSS framework Boostrap.<br><br>
Boostrap gave me some dificulty due to my lack of knowledge of the framework. I felt as though I did not have much control over certain elements of styling so I did use a lot of CSS in addition to the pre set classes. I learned more about Bootstrap as I worked on the project, which lead to less use of CSS for things such as flexbox. However, I still included a lot of custom padding and a media query to make the responsive design more aesthetically pleasing. I did not run into any challenges with the amount of custom styling I did. For future projects, I would attempt to use the framework first before going to styling how im comfortable. I would also do more preliminary research on the framework.<br><br>
An unsolved problem with this project is the background color changing function. It works, however whenever the page is reloaded the background color changes back to the original color. I did some research on this and a lot of the information mentioned the use of React. React is something we have not learned yet, so I hope to come back to this project and solve my issue. I also would like to make it so the feeling emoji is preselected when a user goes to edit their entry. I struggled to come up with a way to achieve this. This is another issue I will come back to after I've learned a bit more.<br><br>
The element that I struggle with the most with these projects is filling each page with content. My projects tend to be very well organized with seamless functionality, but they tend to be a bit plan looking. However, I believe that as the complexity of the functionality of the website increases so can the complexity of the design. I also believe this profession will bring out more creativity in me.
